Update compatibility mode docs (#1855)
grafana/k6-docs: docs/sources/k6/next/using-k6/javascript-typescript-compatibility-mode.md

# JavaScript compatibility mode

{{< admonition type="note" >}}

If you're using k6 v0.53 or higher, the compatibility mode feature doesn't have much impact on the k6 default behavior. Refer to [this GitHub issue](https://github.com/grafana/k6/issues/3864) for more details.

Starting on k6 v0.57, TypeScript support is enabled by default, and the `experimental-enhanced-mode` option has been removed.

{{< /admonition >}}

k6 offers two JavaScript compatibility modes:

> - [Base mode](#base-mode): Only uses native support in k6 and the underlying JS engine. For k6 v0.53.0 or higher, it has the same functionality as `extended` apart from the `global` aliasing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Base mode](#base-mode): Only uses native support in k6 and the underlying JavaScript runtime. For k6 v0.53.0 or higher, it has the same functionality as `extended` apart from the `global` aliasing.
```

# JavaScript compatibility mode

{{< admonition type="note" >}}

If you're using k6 v0.53 or higher, the compatibility mode feature doesn't have much impact on the k6 default behavior. Refer to [this GitHub issue](https://github.com/grafana/k6/issues/3864) for more details.

Starting on k6 v0.57, TypeScript support is enabled by default, and the `experimental-enhanced-mode` option has been removed.

{{< /admonition >}}

k6 offers two JavaScript compatibility modes:

- [Base mode](#base-mode): Only uses native support in k6 and the underlying JavaScript runtime. For k6 v0.53.0 or higher, it has the same functionality as `extended` apart from the `global` aliasing.
- [Extended mode](#extended-mode): Similar to base mode, with an additional alias from `global` to `globalThis` for Node.js compatibility. This is the default mode.

> After k6 v0.53.0, the only difference between the base and extended modes is that `global`, the Node.js global variable, is aliased to the value of `globalThis`.

Reviewer: My suggestion was to have it early but in a single place. I think it is useful to have this additional context already before starting to read the list. Except if we put it directly on the specific item. But still, it should be only once in total.

> After k6 v0.53.0, the only difference between the base and extended modes is that `global`, the Node.js global variable, is aliased to the value of `globalThis`.

Author: Got it. I think I'm gonna leave it as is then, there is some repetition but I don't think it's necessarily bad. And we should be able to hide/delete this page in the near future.

{{< /code >}}

> After v0.53.0, the only difference from the base mode is that `global`, the Node.js global variable, is aliased to the value of `globalThis`.

Reviewer: I would merge this sentence with the previous `k6 offers two JavaScript compatibility modes:`. In this way, the reader can join the list of available modes already having the context about the different.

Otherwise, if someone isn't aware of this concept, while it reads the list then they won't get most of it.
